Oh how I love question that stories ask, so let's address them so that ideas are more clear.
This isn't an attempt to answer every question, because that kills development, here are osme of my ideas to certain questions.

Layer One I nicknamed "Funnel" due to a property I thought of when writing. What if escape from the first layer was impossible?
I tried to hint of this with how I wrote the intros, but more blatently with the Layer One Event skeleTON.
While some rouge mages thought that ascending could lead to a path back to the land of the achients (back when magic existed on the surface)
they were wrong. The top layer leads only to mundane caves and forgotten corpses of those unforchant enough to remain trapped there.

Layer Two I have nicknamed "The Apprentice's Playground" and it would be where apprentices of magic and alchemy used to practice.
This explains its mystical properties and forgotten feel. I'll elaborate later.

The subterranian levels are more well preserved than the surface, and thus they have a better record and understanding of the creation of all things.
They have records of the words that formed the world, and the commands that ever piece of matter/energy obeys.
It is through this language that magicians command compliance from the natural world for wonderous effects.

``` Elaboration time

  Given the more english name 'Primdonas' (spoken as Prim-don-as) this is the language understood by all things.
  By speaking Primdonian words, mages can control the world around them in virtually every imaginable way.
  Spontaniously creating fire, summoning darkness, healing wounds, commanding animals: all within the power of a master of Primdonas.
  While these effects are magical, there are limits, which are these:
    Life naturally resists Primdonas. In the example of commanding animals, in reality the mages is exerting will to suggest the animal compley with a specific behavior.
    Intelligence naturally resists Primdonas, so commanding humans is virtually impossible. However, the spine can be commanded to reacting impulsivly.
    Without pouring will into a command, Primdonas does not perform an action. Therefore, it is possible to purly converse in Primdonas, which is what most mages choose to do.
    Without knowing the words for a command, the command cannot be done. Even if a mages know how to summon heat, spontanously making flame is basically impossible. They would be able to set wood ablaze, but summoning heatless flame would be beyond their reach.
    More ambitous commands require more will, which can tax a caster. Should the caster expend more will then they posess, serious physical and mental consequences follow.
    Failing a command takes exponentailly more will than success, so mages must be wary of attempting challenges lest they overextend themselves.
```

Alchemy arises from the fact that the flora and fauna in this subterranian region are still imbuded with the power of creation.
Despite this, laws of conservation still exist, but because of the raw energy the plants posses they often seem as if they are ignored.
The most important law is this: "Intelligence is a phenomena of creation, and naturally resists alchemical manipulation"
The consequence of this law is that anytime a person uses alchemy on themselves, they degrade their intelligence and, in turn, their sense of self.

All these idea are subject to change, but this is how I see them now.
