In this cavern you find a stream.

While you had seen water drip from jagged rocks, this is a stream that moves lazily within a portion of rock that is slightly shallower than the rest.

You remember hearing that moving water is much safer to drink from than its stagnent counterpart, do you drink from the stream? (y/n)

* If Yes*

Cupping your hands you bring a few handfuls of water to your lips. The cureent was crisp and cool and you feel much better than you did before.
(+2 hp or something, I don't know, that is not my area to decide)

*If No*

While running water might be safer, it isn't packaged in a Fiji bottle, so you don't trust it.
Who knows what could have shit in it only a few caverns away?

*Continued*

Walking downstream, it isn't long until you realise that there is far to much light in this section of tunnel. Glancing about, it seems as if the flowing water, which you previously thought
was mundane water, is emitting a faint glow. Up ahead, the glow seems fainter, but looking behind you temporarily stuns you from the unexpected brightness. Do you walk back?

* If no *

Some mysteries are better left unsolved. You just want to get home.

* If yes *

Knowing that fortune favours the bold, you backtrack and follow the lazily flowing stream back for several hundred feet. Just when the light is getting to be blinding, you see the source.

A collosal worm-like creature appears to have burrowed up from the stone beneath you and now it rests in the moving water. Without a doubt it is dead but you cannot fathom how it died. No
living creature you had ever seen on the surface even came close to the size of the monstrousity infront of you. After overcoming some of the initial shock, and upon a closer inspection, you note two things.
One: the light seems to be flowing out of a wound the creature has, and is leaking into the water, giving it its lumonesent properties.
Two: Many white flowers have sprung up from around the carcass and vines seem to have grown over much of the body. While the flora in this subterranian space
have always proved to be a mystery, you now note that perhaps it is the decay of the animal life that sustain them.

#White flowers could prove to be a useful recurring mystrey hook. Not necessarily the main plot, but a useful pull in the right direction.
