The chamber you now find yourself in a large hallway shaped cave that appears similar to the others that you've seen: hewn stone walls with little vegitation.
Continuing in, you notice that the stone beneath your feet is abnoramlly warm. Pausing a moment, you could swear that you hear a cracking beneath your feet.

Looking down, a spiderweb of cracks greets your eyes as the floor beneath you begins to fall away in chuncks beneath your feet.
Knowing that staying put will do no good, you decide to risk running.

You make it no more than (random num between 2 and 9) meters before the floor gives way beneath you, and the sensation of freefalling grips you stomach in the most uncomfortable way.
A resounding splash marks the fact that you did not die, but infact land in hot springs that must have beaneath the stone on which you once stood.
Surfacing, and looking around, you notice a few things immediately :

One: The way thrown in the air by your splash is falling in perfect raindrops, and seeming to fall much slower than you would expect.
Two: The "hot springs" do not seem to have a gyser of any kind.
Three: The cave walls in this chamber seem deliberatly carved, although the stonework looks unmaintained.
Four: Your clothes are still dry, despite the fact that you are currently treading water.

Deciding your first order of business should be oberserving your surrondings, you exit the pool, ready to explore the hallway(s) that lead from the room.

*If "Look Pool"*

Deciding to inspect the pool, you notice several carved runes around the edge of the water. Without being able to decipher a true meaning, your gut seems to tell you they could mean "heat", or maybe "arid".



*If "Look In Pool"*

After a brief dive, you notice a plaque at the bottom of the pool. It takes a few dive before you can read the full sign.
"Aquaosu evertoto prolepstam neglegentia"
*Intelligence >= 4*
Your gut make you feel as if this says something about "safely removing water", or perhaps "failsafe against water". It is hard to tell.
*else*
Even thinking the words feels like gibberish. You file them away in the back of your mind.

*If "Look Walls"*

The walls of the chamber are incredibly well perserved, but the lack of care does show. It is clear that this room has been empty for atlesat 50 yeasr, if not more.
